Add news and event pages for virtual competition transition (#208)
srobo/website: _events/sr2020/competition.md

title: Competition
layout: event
type: competition
location: n/a
date: 2020-07-04 09:00:00
cancelled: true
---

The Student Robotics Competition marks the ultimate stage of SR2020, showcasing the months of preparation. Our teams will work hard to push their robots to the limit and quickly make repairs between league matches. We will finish the weekend with the finals where the best bots will be named victorious.

> **In light of recent events, the physical competition will not be running.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**In light of recent events, the 2020 in-person competition will not be running.**
```
